docs/megathread/sony.md, before:

# Sony Tab
Links to Sony ROMs<br/>

## **NoPayStation**<br/>
[NoPayStation](https://nopaystation.com/) is pretty much the best and fastest source for PSP, PS3 and PSVita content. It is a database of links to games from Sony's CDN itself along with decryption keys so you can use the files. It is highly recommended you check here before using any of these links.

## **Sony Playstation**<br/>
PS1

- |**Internet Archive: ALL**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS1 Redump .cue/.bin Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psx) |
| PS1 Redump .cue/.bin Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psx.p2) |
| PS1 Redump .cue/.bin Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psx.p3) |
| PS1 Redump .cue/.bin Part 4 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psx.p4) |
| PS1 Redump .chd USA | [Link](https://archive.org/download/chd_psx/CHD-PSX-USA/) | 
| PS1 Redump .chd EUR | [Link](https://archive.org/download/chd_psx_eur/CHD-PSX-EUR/) |
| PS1 Redump .chd JPN Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/chd_psx_jap/CHD-PSX-JAP/) |
| PS1 Redump .chd JPN Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/chd_psx_jap_p2/CHD-PSX-JAP/) |
| PS1 Redump .chd Misc | [Link](https://archive.org/download/chd_psx_misc/CHD-PSX-Misc/) |  

## **Sony Playstation 2**<br/>
PS2

- |**Internet Archive: All**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS2 Redump (#) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_numberssymbols) |
| PS2 Redump (A) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_a) |
| PS2 Redump (B) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_b) |
| PS2 Redump (C) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_c) |
| PS2 Redump (D Part 1) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_d_part1) |
| PS2 Redump (D Part 2) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_d_part2) |
| PS2 Redump (E) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_e) |
| PS2 Redump (F) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_f) |
| PS2 Redump (G) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_g) |
| PS2 Redump (H) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_h) |
| PS2 Redump (I) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_i) |
| PS2 Redump (J) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_j) |
| PS2 Redump (K) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_k) |
| PS2 Redump (L) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_l) |
| PS2 Redump (M Part 1) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_m_part1) |
| PS2 Redump (M Part 2) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_m_part2) |
| PS2 Redump (N) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_n) |
| PS2 Redump (O Part 1) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_o_part1) |
| PS2 Redump (O Part 2) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_o_part2) |
| PS2 Redump (P) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_p) |
| PS2 Redump (Q) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_q) |
| PS2 Redump (R) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_r) |
| PS2 Redump (S Part 1) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_s_part1) |
| PS2 Redump (S Part 2) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_s_part2) |
| PS2 Redump (S Part 3) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_s_part3) |
| PS2 Redump (T) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_t) |
| PS2 Redump (U) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_u) |
| PS2 Redump (V) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_v) |
| PS2 Redump (W) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_w) |
| PS2 Redump (X) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_x) |
| PS2 Redump (Y) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_y) |
| PS2 Redump (Z) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_z) |

- |**Internet Archive: USA**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS2 Redump .iso USA (2018-08-01) Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redumpSonyPlaystation2UsaGames2018Aug01) |
| PS2 Redump .iso USA (2018-08-01) Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redumpSonyPlaystation2UsaGames2018Aug01Part2) |
| PS2 Redump .iso USA (2018-08-01) Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redumpSonyPlaystation2UsaGames2018Aug01Part3) |
| PS2 Redump .iso USA (2018-08-01) Part 4 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redumpSonyPlaystation2UsaGames2018Aug01Part4) |
| PS2 Redump .iso USA (2018-08-01) Part 5 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redumpSonyPlaystation2UsaOther2018Aug01) |
| PS2 Redump USA Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2usaredump1) |
| PS2 Redump USA Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2usaredump1_20200816_1458) |
| PS2 Redump USA Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/httpsarchive.orgdetailsps2usaredump3) |

- |**Internet Archive: EUR**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (# - A) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART1) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (A - B) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART2) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (B) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART3) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (B - C) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART4) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (C - D) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART5) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (D) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2_collection_part6_202008) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (D) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2_collection_part7) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (D - F) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART8) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (F) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART9) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (F - G) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART10) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (G - H) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART11) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (I - K) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART12) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (K - M) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART13) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (M) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART14) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (M - N) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART15) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (N - O) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART16) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (O) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART17) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (O - P) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART18) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (P - R) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART19) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (R - S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART20) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART21) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART22) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART23) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART24) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (S - T) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART25) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (T) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART26) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (T - Z) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART27) |

- |**Internet Archive: Japan**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS2 Redump .iso Japan (#-E) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2japanredump1) |
| PS2 Redump .iso Japan (F-K) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2japanredump2) |
| PS2 Redump .iso Japan (L-R) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2japanredump3) |
| PS2 Redump .iso Japan (S-U) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/httpsarchive.orgdetailsps2japanredump4) |
| PS2 Redump .iso Japan (V-Z) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2japanredump5) |
<!---
| Redump PS2 Japan Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump-ps2-jpn) |
| Redump PS2 Japan Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump-ps2-jpn-part2) |
| Redump PS2 Japan Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump-ps2-jpn-part3) |
-->
## **Sony Playstation Portable**<br/>
PSP

- |**Internet Archive: All**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| Redump PSP ISO Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psp) |
| Redump PSP ISO Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psp.p2) |
| PSP DLC (Alvro Files) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PSP_DLC) |
| PSP DLC | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PSP-DLC/PSP%20DLC/) |

## **Sony Playstation 3**<br/>
PS3

#### Note: [NoPayStation](https://nopaystation.com/) is highly recommended for PS3 games. Please only check the links below if you are looking for content NoPayStation does not have.

<br/>

- |**Internet Archive: All**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS3 Games (# - C) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_1) |
| PS3 Games (C - D) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_2) |
| PS3 Games (C - D) (Other) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_2_OTHER) |
| PS3 Games (D - G) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_3) |
| PS3 Games (D - G) (Other) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_3_OTHER) |
| PS3 Games (G - J) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_4) |
| PS3 Games (J - M) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART__5) |
| PS3 Games (M - N) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_6) |
| PS3 Games (N - R) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_7) |
| PS3 Games (R - S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_8) |
| PS3 Games (S - T) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_9) |
| PS3 Games (T) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_10) |
| PS3 Games (T - Z) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_11) |

- |**Internet Archive: USA DLC & Updates**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_1) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_2) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_3) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 4 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_4) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 5 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA__5) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 6 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_6) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 7 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_7) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 8 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_8) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 9 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_9) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 10 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_10) |

- |**Internet Archive: EUR DLC & Update**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_1) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_2) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_3) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 4 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_4) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 5 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_5) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 6 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_6) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 7 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_7) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 8 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_8) |

- |**Internet Archive: JAP DLC & Update**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS3 No-Intro JAP Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_JAP_1) |
| PS3 No-Intro JAP Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_JAP_2) |
| PS3 No-Intro JAP Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_JAP_3) |
| PS3 No-Intro JAP Part 4 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_JAP_4) |

- |**Internet Archive: All PSN**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS3 PSN Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_PSN_1) |
| PS3 PSN Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_PSN_2) |

## **Sony Playstation Vita**<br/>
PS Vita

- |**Internet Archive: All**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PSVITA VPK | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PSVITA_VPK) |
| PSVITA MAIDUMP | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PSVITA_MAIDUMP)

Commit message:

Unify notes + little explanation in commit comment
If you are adding notes be consistent about it for all major platforms it supports. 

Reason why Vita's note is more important than ps3's is that NPS started as Vita centered service, especially since Mai/VPK are considered nuked by scene, as their modules & executables are highly modified by software that dumped them from RAM memory (which introduced A LOT of glitches and bugs), while PKG+Zrif combo gives you usable unmodified encrypted files. Vita3K emulator supports NPS downloaded games so there is no excuse to seek VPK/Mai dumps.  
Almost all vita titles had digital releases (98,74% coverage in US region), while PS3 disk dumps can still fill the gaps for ps3 titles that were never released as digital.  
This being said, I'm not removing VPK/Mai links in this commit in case someone finds niche usage for them.

docs/megathread/sony.md, after:

# Sony Tab
Links to Sony ROMs<br/>

## **NoPayStation**<br/>
[NoPayStation](https://nopaystation.com/) is pretty much the best and fastest source for PSP, PS3 and PSVita content. It is a database of links to games from Sony's CDN itself along with decryption keys so you can use the files. It is highly recommended you check here before using any of these links.

## **Sony Playstation**<br/>
PS1

- |**Internet Archive: ALL**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS1 Redump .cue/.bin Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psx) |
| PS1 Redump .cue/.bin Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psx.p2) |
| PS1 Redump .cue/.bin Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psx.p3) |
| PS1 Redump .cue/.bin Part 4 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psx.p4) |
| PS1 Redump .chd USA | [Link](https://archive.org/download/chd_psx/CHD-PSX-USA/) | 
| PS1 Redump .chd EUR | [Link](https://archive.org/download/chd_psx_eur/CHD-PSX-EUR/) |
| PS1 Redump .chd JPN Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/chd_psx_jap/CHD-PSX-JAP/) |
| PS1 Redump .chd JPN Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/chd_psx_jap_p2/CHD-PSX-JAP/) |
| PS1 Redump .chd Misc | [Link](https://archive.org/download/chd_psx_misc/CHD-PSX-Misc/) |  

## **Sony Playstation 2**<br/>
PS2

- |**Internet Archive: All**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS2 Redump (#) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_numberssymbols) |
| PS2 Redump (A) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_a) |
| PS2 Redump (B) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_b) |
| PS2 Redump (C) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_c) |
| PS2 Redump (D Part 1) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_d_part1) |
| PS2 Redump (D Part 2) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_d_part2) |
| PS2 Redump (E) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_e) |
| PS2 Redump (F) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_f) |
| PS2 Redump (G) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_g) |
| PS2 Redump (H) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_h) |
| PS2 Redump (I) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_i) |
| PS2 Redump (J) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_j) |
| PS2 Redump (K) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_k) |
| PS2 Redump (L) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_l) |
| PS2 Redump (M Part 1) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_m_part1) |
| PS2 Redump (M Part 2) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_m_part2) |
| PS2 Redump (N) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_n) |
| PS2 Redump (O Part 1) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_o_part1) |
| PS2 Redump (O Part 2) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_o_part2) |
| PS2 Redump (P) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_p) |
| PS2 Redump (Q) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_q) |
| PS2 Redump (R) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_r) |
| PS2 Redump (S Part 1) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_s_part1) |
| PS2 Redump (S Part 2) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_s_part2) |
| PS2 Redump (S Part 3) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_s_part3) |
| PS2 Redump (T) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_t) |
| PS2 Redump (U) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_u) |
| PS2 Redump (V) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_v) |
| PS2 Redump (W) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_w) |
| PS2 Redump (X) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_x) |
| PS2 Redump (Y) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_y) |
| PS2 Redump (Z) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/sony_playstation2_z) |

- |**Internet Archive: USA**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS2 Redump .iso USA (2018-08-01) Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redumpSonyPlaystation2UsaGames2018Aug01) |
| PS2 Redump .iso USA (2018-08-01) Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redumpSonyPlaystation2UsaGames2018Aug01Part2) |
| PS2 Redump .iso USA (2018-08-01) Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redumpSonyPlaystation2UsaGames2018Aug01Part3) |
| PS2 Redump .iso USA (2018-08-01) Part 4 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redumpSonyPlaystation2UsaGames2018Aug01Part4) |
| PS2 Redump .iso USA (2018-08-01) Part 5 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redumpSonyPlaystation2UsaOther2018Aug01) |
| PS2 Redump USA Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2usaredump1) |
| PS2 Redump USA Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2usaredump1_20200816_1458) |
| PS2 Redump USA Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/httpsarchive.orgdetailsps2usaredump3) |

- |**Internet Archive: EUR**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (# - A) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART1) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (A - B) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART2) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (B) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART3) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (B - C) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART4) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (C - D) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART5) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (D) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2_collection_part6_202008) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (D) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2_collection_part7) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (D - F) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART8) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (F) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART9) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (F - G) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART10) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (G - H) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART11) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (I - K) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART12) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (K - M) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART13) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (M) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART14) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (M - N) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART15) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (N - O) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART16) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (O) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART17) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (O - P) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART18) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (P - R) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART19) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (R - S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART20) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART21) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART22) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART23) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART24) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (S - T) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART25) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (T) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART26) |
| PS2 Game Collection EUR (T - Z) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS2_COLLECTION_PART27) |

- |**Internet Archive: Japan**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS2 Redump .iso Japan (#-E) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2japanredump1) |
| PS2 Redump .iso Japan (F-K) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2japanredump2) |
| PS2 Redump .iso Japan (L-R) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2japanredump3) |
| PS2 Redump .iso Japan (S-U) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/httpsarchive.orgdetailsps2japanredump4) |
| PS2 Redump .iso Japan (V-Z) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/ps2japanredump5) |
<!---
| Redump PS2 Japan Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump-ps2-jpn) |
| Redump PS2 Japan Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump-ps2-jpn-part2) |
| Redump PS2 Japan Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump-ps2-jpn-part3) |
-->
## **Sony Playstation Portable**<br/>
PSP

- |**Internet Archive: All**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| Redump PSP ISO Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psp) |
| Redump PSP ISO Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/redump.psp.p2) |
| PSP DLC (Alvro Files) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PSP_DLC) |
| PSP DLC | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PSP-DLC/PSP%20DLC/) |

## **Sony Playstation 3**<br/>
PS3

#### Note: [NoPayStation](https://nopaystation.com/) is highly recommended for PS3 games. Please only check the links below if you are looking for content NoPayStation does not have.

<br/>

- |**Internet Archive: All**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS3 Games (# - C) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_1) |
| PS3 Games (C - D) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_2) |
| PS3 Games (C - D) (Other) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_2_OTHER) |
| PS3 Games (D - G) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_3) |
| PS3 Games (D - G) (Other) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_3_OTHER) |
| PS3 Games (G - J) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_4) |
| PS3 Games (J - M) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART__5) |
| PS3 Games (M - N) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_6) |
| PS3 Games (N - R) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_7) |
| PS3 Games (R - S) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_8) |
| PS3 Games (S - T) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_9) |
| PS3 Games (T) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_10) |
| PS3 Games (T - Z) | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_ALVRO_PART_11) |

- |**Internet Archive: USA DLC & Updates**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_1) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_2) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_3) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 4 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_4) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 5 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA__5) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 6 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_6) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 7 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_7) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 8 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_8) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 9 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_9) |
| PS3 No-Intro USA Part 10 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_USA_10) |

- |**Internet Archive: EUR DLC & Update**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_1) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_2) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_3) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 4 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_4) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 5 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_5) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 6 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_6) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 7 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_7) |
| PS3 No-Intro EUR Part 8 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_EUR_8) |

- |**Internet Archive: JAP DLC & Update**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS3 No-Intro JAP Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_JAP_1) |
| PS3 No-Intro JAP Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_JAP_2) |
| PS3 No-Intro JAP Part 3 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_JAP_3) |
| PS3 No-Intro JAP Part 4 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_NOINTRO_JAP_4) |

- |**Internet Archive: All PSN**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PS3 PSN Part 1 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_PSN_1) |
| PS3 PSN Part 2 | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PS3_PSN_2) |

## **Sony Playstation Vita**<br/>
PS Vita

#### Note: [NoPayStation](https://nopaystation.com/) is highly recommended for PS Vita games. Please only check the links below if you are looking for content NoPayStation does not have.

- |**Internet Archive: All**|**Links**|
| ------ | ------ |
| PSVITA VPK | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PSVITA_VPK) |
| PSVITA MAIDUMP | [Link](https://archive.org/download/PSVITA_MAIDUMP)
